Browserify -> Webpack (#853)
rooseveltframework/roosevelt: README.md

- Default directory structure is simple, but easily configured.
- Concise default [MVC](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Model%E2%80%93view%E2%80%93controller) architecture.
- Uses [Teddy](https://github.com/rooseveltframework/teddy) HTML templates by default which are much easier to read and maintain than popular alternatives. Can be configured to use any templating system that supports Express.

> - [LESS](http://lesscss.org) preconfigured out of the box to intelligently minify your external facing CSS files. There's also built-in support for sass and stylus, and with some extra configurating any preprocessor can be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [LESS](http://lesscss.org) preconfigured out of the box to intelligently minify your external facing CSS files. There's also built-in support for [Sass](https://sass-lang.com), and [Stylus](https://stylus-lang.com). Other CSS preprocessors can be used as well with a bit of extra configuration.
```

> - Built-in, easy to use interface for [webpack](https://webpack.js.org/) bundling for frontend JS modularization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Built-in, easy to use interface for creating [Webpack](https://webpack.js.org/) bundles for modularizing and minifying your frontend JS.
```

  - `sourcePath`: Subdirectory within `staticsRoot` where your CSS files are located. By default this folder will not be made public, but is instead meant to store unminified CSS source files which will be minified and written to a build directory when the app is started.

  - `compiler`: *[Object]* Which CSS preprocessor (if any) to use.

    - `enable`: *[Boolean]* Whether or not to use a preprocessor.

    - `module`: *[String]* Node module name of the CSS preprocessor you wish to use.

      - Note: Currently [less](http://lesscss.org/), [node-sass](https://sass-lang.com/), and [stylus](http://stylus-lang.com/) are supported.

      - Note: Your chosen CSS preprocessor module must also be marked as a dependency in your app's `package.json`.

    - `options`: *[Object]* Parameters to send to the CSS preprocessor if it accepts any.

>   - `minifier`: *[Object]* Parameters for [clean-css](https://www.npmjs.com/package/clean-css).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `minifier`: *[Object]* Params pertaining to CSS minifcation.
```

    - `enable`: *[Boolean]* Whether or not to minify css.

      - Note: Can also be controlled by the `minify` param, which is disabled in development mode.

>     - `options`: *[Object]* Parameters to pass to cleancss, a list of which can be found in the [clean-css docs](https://github.com/jakubpawlowicz/clean-css#constructor-options).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `options`: *[Object]* Parameters to pass to the CSS minifier [clean-css](https://www.npmjs.com/package/clean-css), a list of which can be found in the [clean-css docs](https://github.com/jakubpawlowicz/clean-css#constructor-options).
```

  - `sourcePath`: Subdirectory within `staticsRoot` where your JS files are located. By default this folder will not be made public, but is instead meant to store unminified JS source files which will be minified and written to a build directory when the app is started.

>   - `webpack`: Parameters related to bundling JS with [webpack](https://webpack.js.org/):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `webpack`: Parameters related to bundling JS with [Webpack](https://webpack.js.org/):
```

>     - `enable`: Enable webpack bundling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `enable`: Enable Webpack bundling.
```

>     - `bundles`: *[Array]* Declare one or more webpack configurations to bundle JS with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `bundles`: *[Array]* Declare one or more Webpack configurations to bundle JS with.
```

      - `env`: *[String]* Bundle only in `dev` or `prod` mode. Omitting `env` will result in bundling in both modes.

>       - `config`: *[Object]* or *[String]* The [webpack configuration](https://webpack.js.org/configuration/) to send to webpack. Can also be a path to a [webpack config file](https://webpack.js.org/configuration/#use-different-config-file) relative to the app directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - `config`: *[Object]* or *[String]* The [Webpack configuration](https://webpack.js.org/configuration/) to send to Webpack. Can also be a path to a [Webpack config file](https://webpack.js.org/configuration/#use-different-config-file) relative to the app directory.
```

        "blacklist": [],
        "whitelist": {},
        "defaultBundle": "bundle.js",
        "output": "templates",
        "minify": true,
        "minifyOptions": {}
      }
  ```

## Public folder parameters

> - `publicFolder`: All files and folders in this directory will be exposed as static files when `alwaysHostPublic` is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `publicFolder`: All files and folders in this directory will be exposed as static files in development mode or when `alwaysHostPublic` is enabled.
```

The complete list of Roosevelt dependencies that are only needed in development mode is:

- `execa`
- `fkill`
- `html-validator`
- `pid-from-port`
- `prismjs`
- `ps-node`
- `reload`
- `tamper`
- `vnu-jar`

To remove them all, run `npm rm execa fkill html-validator pid-from-port prismjs ps-node reload tamper vnu-jar --no-save`.

Be sure none of those dependencies are needed elsewhere in your app first.

# Authoring your own CSS preprocessors

> In addition to Roosevelt's built-in support for the less, sass, and stylus preprocessors you can also define your own preprocessors on the fly at start time in Roosevelt's constructor like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to Roosevelt's built-in support for the LESS, Sass, and Stylus preprocessors you can also define your own preprocessors on the fly at start time in Roosevelt's constructor like so:
```
